the count youtube people good
welcome to this new video this
tutorial is going to be very fast and then the
reason is because I came across a problem
I wanted to enter my minecraft
and I was giving this error obviously because we
we saw it with our account
and then I wanted to enter a server
multiplayer and I gave this error
probably many people have the
same mistake and good then in this
in this tutorial I'm going to
will teach how to solve it is about this
error here you can see it
it says error when starting java session
dot net point 1 that mother I do not know anymore
pronounce and says point session minecraft
dot net ok
do not even try to get into the folder
of minecraft and so on does not work
what we are going to do is what makes us
missing an address from
minecraft itself that is being this
address is the video information
I will leave the address so that
just the cope or the paste and I'm going to give it
copy and what we are going to do is that we
let's go to home team let's go to
local disk I know
let's go to windows next let's go
to attend 32
and then let's go to drivers here is
and then we go to the folder etc ok
and here if you can see we have host ok
if you have the program that is
notepad more more
I recommend that you download it in the
tutorial on how to create a web page in
wordpress I give you the program so that
download it in this program is
free like in the information of
this video I'm going to leave the name is
not bad
more more or you can open it by giving it in
open and then in notebook or that
let's go to something else if not the
they let the file save what they have
what to do is go to copy and here in the
they are going to paste it here
to edit and everything and then since it's
edited will be dragged to the folder
etc is going to tell you to move and replace it
are going to give then that if true and I will
cancel because if he leaves me if he gives you
problems is because you do not have all the
let's say that the permits
administrator but in itself it does not owe you
cause problems editing it in the
good desk itself let's fix
this problem what we are going to do is
open the folder and well what are we going to
to do is to paste
to the address that will subtract the
video information
what we are doing is blocking it
unax is good to block read this ip the
internet access ok and good we are going to
give in save
and then we can close it now
Once it is saved, we can already
close all the folders we will go to
Minecraft
and we will realize that we
obviously we are already going to give
realize that the problem is already
solved
we wait for minecraft to open
ok it took over but good already opened
let's go to multiplayer let's go
at the same server or any
server itself and as you can see here already
fuck look good time to deliver
but good as you can see this already
this problem was solved ok and
Well, we'll see you until a new
video we leave some of this
I am ferro 93 and we will see you until a
new video first of all this tutorial
I want to tell you that I looked for it in
internet and I found a video
this video that I found then is from a
American person obviously talking
English and good I just come to
translate it you could say to the
people who speak Spanish what and
Well, I hope you have served them
this small tip or fix the problem
and well, we'll see you until a new
video I am were 93 if you want
Subscribe to like or share good
there are all the buttons ok and we
we see even a new video